README.md, before:

# CSFD
## Tech Stack
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ruby&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby%20on%20Rails-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=RubyonRails&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgresql-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwind-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![strada](https://img.shields.io/badge/strada-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strada&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/elasticsearch-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)

## TODO
- [x] Create new model for blog posts
- [ ] Change UI (maybe like hacktoberfest)
- [x] İmplement search logic for blog posts(maybe with elasticsearch)
- [x] Add pagination for blog posts
- [x] Add comments for blog posts
- [ ] Add like/dislike for blog posts
- [ ] Add tags for blog posts
- [ ] Add filter for blog posts (like tags)
- [ ] Add mail notification for new blog posts
- [ ] Add multi language support
- [ ] Add multi proggraming language support for code blocks
- [ ] Look active text editor for blog posts(maybe we can modify default editor)
- [ ] Add contents section for blog posts(like table of contents)

Commit message:

add comment delete and edit

README.md, after:

# CSFD
## Tech Stack
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ruby&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ruby%20on%20Rails-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=RubyonRails&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgresql-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwind-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![strada](https://img.shields.io/badge/strada-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=strada&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)
![elasticsearch](https://img.shields.io/badge/elasticsearch-8c1f28.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=8c1f28&labelColor=F2F2F2)

## TODO
- [x] Create new model for blog posts
- [x] İmplement search logic for blog posts(maybe with elasticsearch)
- [x] Add pagination for blog posts
- [x] Add comments for blog posts TODO: Edit
- [ ] Profile page for users
- [ ] Add like/dislike for blog posts
- [ ] Add tags for blog posts
- [ ] Add filter for blog posts (like tags)
- [ ] Add mail notification for new blog posts
- [ ] Add save for post (like instagram)
- [ ] Add multi language support
- [ ] Add multi proggraming language support for code blocks
- [ ] Look active text editor for blog posts(maybe we can modify default editor)
- [ ] Add contents section for blog posts(like table of contents)
- [ ] Add paginate size for user
- [ ] Change UI (maybe like hacktoberfest)
